User flow attributes doc creation (#9748)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/identityuserflowattribute.md

---
title: "identityUserFlowAttribute resource type"
description: "Represents user flow attributes in an Azure Active Directory tenant and an Azure AD B2C tenant."
localization_priority: Priority
doc_type: resourcePageType
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
author: "jkdouglas"
---

# identityUserFlowAttribute resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents user flow attributes in an Azure Active Directory tenant and an Azure AD B2C tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents user flow attributes in an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant and an Azure AD B2C tenant.
```

> Configuring user flow attributes in your Azure Active Directory or Azure AD B2C tenant allows you collect information about a user during sign up. There is a built-in set of attributes that you can choose to collect, like Given Name, Surname, City, and Postal Code. You can also configure custom user flow attributes to collect information from a user that is not built-in to the directory. Custom user flow attributes are an abstraction over [Azure Active Directory schema extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-schema-extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring user flow attributes in your Azure AD or Azure AD B2C tenant allows you to collect information about a user during sign-up. There is a built-in set of attributes that you can choose to collect. For example, Given Name, Surname, City, and Postal Code. You can also configure custom user flow attributes to collect information from a user that is not built in to the directory. Custom user flow attributes are an abstraction over [Azure Active Directory schema extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-schema-extensions).
```

## Methods

| Method       | Return Type  |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |[List](../api/identityuserflowattribute-list.md)|identityUserFlowAttributes collection|Retrieve all built in and custom user flow attributes.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List](../api/identityuserflowattribute-list.md)|identityUserFlowAttributes collection|Retrieve all built-in and custom user flow attributes.|
```

> |[Create](../api/identityuserflowattribute-create.md)|identityUserFlowAttribute|Create a new `custom user flow attribute`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Create](../api/identityuserflowattribute-create.md)|identityUserFlowAttribute|Create a new custom user flow attribute.|
```

|[Get](../api/identityuserflowattribute-get.md) |identityUserFlowAttribute|Retrieve properties of a user flow attribute.|

> |[Update](../api/identityuserflowattribute-update.md)|None|Update a `custom user flow attribute`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Update](../api/identityuserflowattribute-update.md)|None|Update a custom user flow attribute.|
```

Author: Fixed

> |[Delete](../api/identityuserflowattribute-delete.md)|None|Delete a `custom user flow attribute`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Delete](../api/identityuserflowattribute-delete.md)|None|Delete a custom user flow attribute.|
```

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |id|String|The ID of the user flow attribute. This is a read-only attribute that is automatically created.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The identifier of the user flow attribute. This is a read-only attribute that is automatically created.|
```

Author: Fixed

|displayName|String|The display name of the user flow attribute.|

> |description|String|The description of the user flow attribute. It is shown to the user at the time of sign up.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|description|String|The description of the user flow attribute. It's shown to the user at the time of sign-up.|
```
